Week 1
In the first week I had two meetings with the team, one during the first tutorial and one on the first Sunday, in which we started discussing and working on the proposal for the project. I helped contributed to a draft background section of the proposal which is under review and could still be refined, and also assisted in discussing and creating the user stories. I helped with the epic story and user story documentation in JIRA, and we decided on the system architecture with a general tech stack to use for the website.

Week 2
Worked on the system flow diagram to edit job seeker and recruiter flow. Minor edits to a few user stories on Jira. Moved user stories to report and helped with report formatting and review to get it ready for submission. 

Week 3
Rewrote project objectives in the proposal and moved them under sprint planning, as well as final formatting and edits. Started our first sprint this week and created a basic skeleton app to build off. Introduced the team to the tech stack React and assigned user stories. Worked on setting up the backend with Brendon and did the login backend code. Helped link the frontend to the backend and ensured the login flow was fully functioning and implemented error handling. Created a working router for app navigation.

Week 4
Fixed up formatting and refactored code to standardise code style between files worked on by different people. Started sprint 2 in which I worked on deeper authentication flows such as using tokens to prevent unauthorised access from users not logged in. Also implemented passing the logged in user's data upon a successful token validation so that the dashboards and other components know who is logged in and can display relevant information

Week 5
This week I fixed up a few minor features and helped finish off the sprint before the first demo on Thursday. The tutor gave us some suggestions for features or pages that could also be included, and we planned to incorporate these along with our next user stories in a sprint planning session which involved discussing what was in scope and creating subtasks for clarity. The retro was conducted after the demo and we identified things that worked well and areas for improvement, some of which were implemented immediately in the following sprint planning, but overall everyone was happy with our progress and management.

Week 6
Completed the edit job user story and worked a little on the home page before it was finished off by Becca. Worked on some of the feedback given by the tutor during the first demo and added a feature on the title bar to display the currently logged in user's name. Also went through and tidied up the code, fixing minor formatting and restructuring backend python files. Had a sprint review session at the end of the sprint to ensure everything was all done and working, then planned the next sprint, discussing and assigning user stories.

Week 7
Worked on counter-offer functionality as well as accept/decline buttons for both offers and counter-offers. Built off the 'view offer' page to support both jobseeker and recruiter views and render dynamically based on offer status. 
