Week 1
Discussed with the group during lab about the requirements of the proposal and worked together to form draft user stories from the project objectives. During the week, I researched on existing systems similar to Recruit Assistant and their drawbacks for the proposal and helped refined the final user stories. I also worked with Rebecca on the wireframes for the recruiter and job seeker dashboard flow.

Week 2
Continued refining the wireframes for the recruiter and job seeker as well as contributed to the flow diagram. We added a new external actor, the admin, to help manage the system and had to create new user stories for the admin, adding it to the flow diagram and creating a wireframe for the admin dashboard too. I was tasked to moving and formatting the diagrams into the project proposal as well as describing the novel functionalities.

Week 3
Finalised the project proposal and started the first sprint. We had a meeting to set up everyone's working environments and discussed everyone's familiarity in web development in terms of backend and frontend. After getting a better idea of everyone's strengths and skills, I was tasked to create the frontend of the signup pages for the job seeker and recruiter and set up the dashboard for the admin.

Week 4
Finished the first sprint with a lot of my code following from Rebecca and Michael's examples having done similar sign up and dashboard pages. We reviewed all the code working together. We finalised the login, signin and dashboards as well as set up the database for users. We started the second sprint and assigned everyone user stories to work on. I was tasked with working on the allowing jobseekers to apply for jobs. I struggled to estimate how long it would take to complete my user story and had troubles managing my time to work on my part for this week.

Week 5
I managed to get a temporary display of all jobs on the jobseeker page working as well as the form for a job application on each job's corresponding advertisement page. However, I couldn't finish the file handling or uploading from the application. We finished the second sprint and reviewed all the code once again in preparation for the first demo. A few notes on style and UI from the tutor were taken down and we conducted our sprint retrospective together straight after the demo. We also planned out and started the third sprint with which I was assigned to the application ranking from the recruiter.

Week 6
I worked with Brendon to incorporate the interview sending with my selection and ranked application page. I also implemented application re-ordering once the job is closed. We finished the third sprint and the group reviewed all the code working together again. This time, we tried our to-try from retrospective A and conducted some cross-checking on everyone's acceptance criteria. We were able to get offer and interview sending, job editing and job search done. I managed to also finish the file handling but during the review, we found that Rebecca and I had coinciding file handling methods so we decided to transfer my file handling to Rebecca's method. The group also found an error in my section of the code so I fixed that. After, we started sprint planning for the fourth sprint and I was assigned to displaying the interviews and offers for a particular job.

Week 7
Finished the recruiter list of interviews and offers sent as well as individual interview sending on the application list. On the tute back, we got feedback on our first demo and project proposal from the tutor, discussing the retrospective afterwards. We also had a group meeting to update on the progress of each other's work and found that a lot of the tasks and stories assigned to people required some others to finish in order to all link it back up. I was also waiting on Michael to finish individual offer pages which I also had to finish soon for Calvin to link up his code. It was good to communicate our needs so no one's coding is left last minute.

Week 8
Integrated all the code with everyone else's sections and finished the sprint to demo during the lab, adding application dismissal on the recruiter side. During the lab, we also reflected on the sprint and conducted the sprint retrospective to evaluate how effective last retrospective's to-tries were and set new to-tries for the upcoming sprints. Our team also started sprint planning for the last sprint and assigned the last stories and tasks to members, making sure that everything is wrapped up and finished which includes touching up on front-end design. I was tasked with filtering open and closed jobs in the search page and the leftover optional reason for interview declining from the last sprint. I also tested our project on CSE and added some dependencies to deal with that.

Week 9
Completed the final sprint with filtering job status and providing optional reasoning for interview declining and conducted multiple code reviews to modify UI and make sure all the functionalities were implemented correctly. The database we were using used too much data which went over our allowed free limit so we had to set up a new database. There were a few bugs and minor inconsistencies that we found and had to change. After we had finished the main stories left in the sprint, Calvin, Becca and I worked on modifying and fixing the code where I replaced alerts with material UI snackbars, implemented additional question in job applying and limited offering per applicant while Brendon and Michael worked on the project report. Once all the coding was satisfactory, we all worked on the project report.
